CommandsEX, Build Your Very Own CraftBukkit Plugin

If you ever needed a single function but had to download a massive plugin that contained it, you will probably know the feeling. It could be hard to pick up the right plugin-set for a server with all the plugins currently in existence. Especially since many of them conflict with each other.
That is the idea behind CommandsEX project - to allow server administrators to choose which commands and functions they really need and let them trash all the rest.


How it works?

CommandsEX comes in a full-build flavor that is officially being distributed via the BukkitDEV website (http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/commandsex).
If a person needs to exclude some functionality from the plugin, they can do it in one of the following ways:

- by visiting the CommandsEX Builder page (http://commandsex.sourceforge.net)
- by removing unneccessary files from the JAR file itself and adjusting plugin.yml file


Permissions and Economy support?

CommandsEX makes use of Bukkit's built-in permissions model (SuperPerms), therefore allowing you to use any of the permission plugins that support this (PermissionsEx, bPermissions, ...)
As for Economy, this is certainly planned right after a few first common functions have been implemented. CommandsEX will support Economy plugins that work with Vault.
For more information on how we're progressing on this, check out the Project RoadMap at http://sourceforge.net/userapps/trac/zathrus-writer


Databases

CommandsEX allows you to make use of either SQLite or MySQL databases to store various player data.
This includes economy, per-user language settings and more. Configuration is available in the main config.yml file located in CommandsEX folder under your plugins directory.
Database usage is optional and there is also an option to turn it off completely in the config file itself.


Getting help
Found a bug? Have feature request? Need a question answered?
Don't hesitate and file a new ticket (http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/commandsex/create-ticket) or visit the comments thread on the project's page (http://dev.bukkit.org/server-mods/commandsex/#comments)!